---
layout: post
title: 'now.sh: a Review'
---

I moved all my sites over to a static based site a few years ago, starting with GitHub.com’s pages feature. It worked well, but no SSL made it require CloudFlare.com to function correctly in a real world scenario. When creating my hacktoberfest.evanw.uk project, I stumbled across now.sh. The super cool GitHub.com integration that was even on par with GitHub.com’s own competitor blew my mind. It has worked perfectly for the last two weeks and I don’t see myself stopping using it any time soon.

# Pros

- Super good GitHub.com integration.
- Fast deploy times
- Servers around the world
- Generous free teir
- Instant free `HTTPS`
- Served over `HTTP2`

# Cons

- `now.json` system isn’t amazing
- Domains can sometimes be a pain to setup

# Domains

The now alias system is great! This allows you to point a domain to a deployment. It also works perfect hand in hand with GitHub.com. All you need to do is create a `now.json` file in the root of your GitHub.com repository which looks something like this:

```markdown
{
 "alias": ["example.com"]
}
```

This will automatically update the website every time a PR is merged.

# Pull Requests

now.sh works great with pull requests. Every time someone creates a pull request it is automatically deployed and you can preview it right from the pull request. This allows you to see what changes the Contributor has proposed.

> This came in handy with the hacktoberfest.evanw.uk project becuase we had about 10 pull requests coming in every hour!

# Conclusion

now.sh is great for static sites and I am sure to reccomend it to my freinds and colleuges. This will be a great replacement for a CircleCI + AWS S3 pipeline. Visit now.sh to try out now.sh.
